Introduce SIP Manager role (#2832)
scala/docs.scala-lang: _sips/process-specification.md

- SIP Reviewers: a subset of Committee Members assigned by the Chairperson to
  review in detail a particular SIP. The same person cannot be both a SIP Author
  and a SIP Reviewer for the same SIP.

> - SIP Manager: one of the SIP Reviewers who is responsible for the all the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SIP Manager: one of the SIP Reviewers who is responsible for all the
```

group of people to provide an implementation of the proposal, as a pull request
to the Scala 3 compiler repository. There is no set timeline for this phase.

Often, proposals not only need to be implemented in the compiler, but also in
several other tools (IDEs, syntax highlighters, code formatters, etc.). As soon
as a proposal reaches the implementation stage, the Chairperson notifies the
impacted tools that they should start implementing support for it. A list of
tools of the ecosystem is maintained in [this document][tooling ecosystem].

An implementation will be reviewed by the compiler team, and once the
implementation is deemed good enough, it can ship as an Experimental feature in

> the following practical release of the compiler. At that point, the SIP Manager posts a follow-up comment on the Pre-SIP discussion to invite the community to test the feature and provide feedback.

Reviewer 2: nitpick, but "the following practical release" isn't clear. as in, I genuinely don't know what that means.

> the following practical release of the compiler. At that point, the SIP Manager posts a follow-up comment on the Pre-SIP discussion to invite the community to test the feature and provide feedback.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the next release of the compiler where it's practical to do so. At that point, the SIP Manager posts a follow-up comment on the Pre-SIP discussion to invite the community to test the feature and provide feedback.
```

Reviewer 2: (guessing a bit about what you might mean here)

Reviewer 3: I'd suggest s/practical/3.x minor/.

> it can ship as an Experimental feature in the following 3.x minor release of the compiler.

Scala 2 calls this a _major_ version, but 3 seems to call it a _minor_ version in [Long-term compatibility plans for Scala 3](https://www.scala-lang.org/blog/2022/08/17/long-term-compatibility-plans.html). Maybe the word _practical_ got inserted in there to mean "next practically-possible release, like if a version is almost out the door, you don't have to shoehorn it in (you know what I mean)".

Author: Note that experimental features can be shipped in patch releases as well. I’ve applied Seth’s suggestion.
